Split Ads how-to guides into per-platform guides (#772)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/web/uplynk/02-ads.md

:::info Deprecation

> Starting THEOplayer v8.12.0, it is possible to use the regular `player.ads` API for subscribing to Uplynk ad breaks, as described on [How to subscribe to ad events](../ads/subscribe-to-ad-events.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the regular `player.ads` API for subscribing to Uplynk ad breaks, as described on [How to subscribe to ad events](../ads/subscribe-to-ad-events.mdx).
```
